Chorus ~ Being a red-hot blooded guy, Paris took the bait Of Aphrodites promise to provide him with a mate. Paris ~ Im sorry Hera and Athene, lovely as you are, Aphrodites package was just too tempting by far. Gods ~ At last, ladies, can we put an end to all this fuss? We have an outright winner, so theres no more to discuss. Zeus ~ And now I would appreciate the chance to clear my head, So clear-off everyone, go hang out somewhere else instead! Chorus ~ But, you see, this is just the beginning of our tale, For goddesses are vengeful beings  typically female! Hera & ~ A curse upon your homeland, Paris! gates of Troy is going to face Athene Devastation and destruction! How? Well, watch this space! (They exit as the intro music plays and the lights fade.) Scene 2 (At a feast at the court of King Menelaus, Sparta. Present are all the kings, queens, princes and heroes of Greece, enjoying a tipple.) Chorus ~ All the Grecian big wigs had descended upon Sparta, To feast upon traditional fare like taramasalata. To discuss topics political, social and sporting too, And how the patent was progressing for Archimedes screw. Menelaus ~ Id like to welcome all of you, the true top brass of Greece, Achilles, Odysseus, Agamemnon and Jason  hey, nice fleece! But this evenings guest of honour is a young envoy Whos travelled far, so make some noise for him  Paris of Troy! (Followed by a personal servant, Paris arrogantly enters to swooning gasps from the women and suspicious mutters from the men.) Chorus ~ When guests were settled Menelaus stood and beckoned in Helen, his wife, whose beauty far outshone other women. (Followed by lovely maidens, Helen gracefully enters to swooning gasps from the men and suspicious mutters from the women.) Helen ~ If it pleases my husband wed like to dance for you. Menelaus ~ Absolutely! Go for it! Cock-a-doodle-doo! (Helen and the maidens dance to the besotted gawps of all the men, and feigned indifference of the women. On finishing, following applause, Helen goes to join her husband. Paris appears to be in a daze.We need Achilles)
