Agamemnon: Old King Priam thinks hes untouchable behind his high walls. He thinks the sun god will protect him. But the gods protect only the strong! If gates of Troy falls I control the Aegean. Nestor: Hector commands the finest army in the East. And Troy is built to withstand a 10-year siege. Agamemnon: There wont be a 10-year siege Ill attack them with the greatest force the world has ever seen. I want all the kings of Greece and their armies. Send emissaries in the morning. Nestor: One last thing We need Achilles and his Myrmidons. Agamemnon: Achilles. He cant be controlled. Hes as likely to fight us as the Trojans. Nestor: We dont need to control him, we need to unleash him. That man was born to end lives. Agamemnon: Yes, hes a gifted killer. But he threatens everything Ive built. Before me, Greece was nothing. I brought all the Greek kingdoms together. I created a nation out of fire worshipers and snake eaters! I build the future, Nestor. Me! Achilles is the past. A man who fights for no flag. A man loyal to no country. Nestor: How many battles have we won off the edge of his sword? This will be the greatest war the world has ever seen. We need the greatest warrior. Agamemnon: Theres only one man hell listen to. Nestor: Ill send a ship in the morning. Scene 7: Recruiter Odysseus Messengers: Greetings, brother. We were told King Odysseus is hid in the hills. Odysseus: Odysseus? That old bastard drinks my wine and never pays. Messengers: You ought to respect your king, friend. Odysseus: Respect him? Id like to punch him in the face. Hes always pawing at my wife, trying to tear her clothes off.  Odysseus: I hope Agamemnons generals are smarter than his emissaries. Messengers: What did you say? Odysseus: You want me to help you fight for power on Trojans. Well, Im gonna to miss my dog. Messengers: King Agamemnon has a favor to ask of you. Odysseus: Of course he does.  Achilles: Are you here at Agamemnons bidding? Odysseus: We need to talk. Achilles: Ill not fight for him. Odysseus: Im not asking you to fight for him. Im asking you to fight for Greece. Achilles: Have the Greeks tired of fighting each other? The Trojans never harmed me. Odysseus: They insulted Greece. Achilles: They insulted a man who couldnt hold on to his own wife. Is that my business? Odysseus: Your business is war, my friend. Achilles: Is it? Am I the whore of the battlefield? The man [Agamemnon] has no honor. I wont be remembered as a tyrants mercenary. Odysseus: Let Achilles fight for honor. Let Agamemnon fight for power. And let the gods decide which man to glorify. Forget Agamemnon. Fight for me. My wife will feel much better if she knows youre by my side. Ill feel much better.
