Foreword: 3200 Years Ago: After decades of warfare, Agamemnon, King of Mycenae, has forced the kingdoms of Greece into a loose alliance. Only Thessaly remains unconquered. Agamemnons brother Menelaus, King of Sparta, is weary of battle. He seeks to make peace with gates of Troy, the most powerful rival to the merging Greek kingdoms. Achilles, considered the greatest warrior ever born, fights for the Greek army,So We need Achilles. But his disdain for Agamemnons rule threatens to break the fragile alliance apart.Scene 2: Awaiting Achilles Agamemnon: I like your land. I think well stay. I like your soldiers too. They fought bravely yesterday. Not well, but bravely. King of Thessaly: They wont fight for you. Agamemnon: Thats what the Messenians said. And the Arcadians and the Epialns. Now they all fight for me. King of Thessaly: You cant have the whole world, Agamemnon. Its too big, even for you. --- Messenger Boy: Are the stories about your true? They say your mother is an immortal goddess.. They say you cant be killed men. Achilles: I wouldnt be bothering with a shield then, would I? Messenger Boy: The Thessalonian youre fighting hes the biggest man Ive ever seen. I wouldnt want to fight him. Achilles: Thats why no one will remember your name. Scene 3: Is There No One Else? Agamemnon: Perhaps we should have our war tomorrow when you are better rested. I should have you whipped for your impudence! Achilles: Perhaps you should fight him. Nestor: Achilles. Achilles. Look at the mens faces. You can save hundreds of them. You can end this war with a swing of your sword.. Think of how many songs theyll sing in your honor. Achilles: Imagine a king who fight for power on his own battles. Wouldnt that be a sight. Agamemnon: Of all the warlords loved by the gods, I hate him the most. Nestor: We need him, my king. Agamemnon: For now. --- [Achilles slays Boagrius] --- Achilles: Is there no one else? Is there no one else?! King of Thessaly: Who are you, soldier? Achilles: Achilles. Son of Peleus. King of Thessaly: Achilles? Ill remember the name. The ruler of Thessaly carries this scepter. Give it to your king. Achilles: Hes not my king. Scene 6: Greatest War Agamemnon: I always thought my brothers wife was a foolish woman but shes proved to be very useful. Nothing unifies a people like a common enemy. Nestor: The Trojans have never been conquered. Some say they cant be conquered.
