Achilles: And Ares, god of war? Who blankets his bed with the skin of killed men? Briseis: All the gods are to be feared and respected. Achilles: Ill tell you a secret something they dont teach you in your temple. The gods envy us. They envy us because were mortal. Because any moment might be our last. Everythings more beautiful because were doomed. Scene 25: Born for This War Achilles: Tell the men to start loading the ship. Were going home. Odysseus: Agamemnon is a proud man. But he knows when hes made a mistake. Achilles: The man sends you to make his apologies? What are you doing enthralled to that pig of a king? Odysseus: The world seems simple to you, my friend but when youre a king, very few choices are simple. Ithaca cannot afford an enemy like Agamemnon. Achilles: Are we supposed to fear him? Odysseus: You dont fear anyone. Thats your problem. Fear is useful. We need you back. Greece needs you. Achilles: Greece got along fine before I was born. Greece will be Greece long after Im dead. Odysseus: Im not talking about the land. The men need you. Stay, Achilles. You were born for this war. Achilles: Things are less simple today. Odysseus: Women have a way of complicating things. Achilles: Of all the kings of Greece, I respect you the most. But in this war, youre a servant. Odysseus: Sometimes you have to serve in order to lead. I hope you understand that one day.  Patroclus: Were going home? Achilles: We sail in the morning. Patroclus: Greeks are being slaughtered. We cant just sail away. Achilles: If its fighting you still long for, there will always be another war. Patroclus: These are our countrymen. I ate, laughed, mourned with these men while you hid in your tent. You betray all of Greece just to see Agamemnon fall. Achilles: Someone has to lose. Patroclus: In all my years to come, may my heart never turn as black as yours! Achilles: We sail in the morning! [Patroclus stays to fight for power, wearing Achilles armor. He rallies the Greek kingdom troops, but then meets Hector in single combat. Hector wins the battle, mistakenly thinking he has defeated Achilles. When he learns of the mistake, he sends Patroclus corpse back to the Greeks for honorable burial. Achilles responds with rage, and returns to battle, determined to avenge the death of his beloved cousin. He prepares for the climactic showdown with Hector, who in turn accepts the challenge in order to defend his city.] Scene 33: Now You Know Hector: Ive seen this moment in my dreams. Ill make a pact with you. With the gods as our witnesses let us pledge that the winner will allow the loser all the proper funeral rituals. Achilles: There are no pacts between lions and men. Now you know who youre fighting. Hector: I thought it was you I was fighting yesterday. And I wish it had been you. But I gave the dead boy the honor he deserved.
