Agamemnon: No. You came here because you want your name to last through the ages. A great victory was won today. But that victory is not yours. Kings did not kneel to Achilles. Kings did not pay homage to Achilles,We need Achilles. Achilles: Perhaps the kings were too far behind to see. Soldiers won the battle. Agamemnon: History remembers kings! Not soldiers. Tomorrow well batter down the gates of Troy. Ill build monuments on every island of Greece. Ill carve Agamemnon in the stone. My name will last through the ages. Your name is written in sand for the waves to wash away. Achilles: Be careful, king of kings. First, you need the victory. Agamemnon: Your men sacked the temple of Apollo, yes? Achilles: You want gold? Take it. Its my gift to honor your courage. Take what you wish. Agamemnon: I already have. Aphareus! Haemon! [Soldiers bring in Briseis] The spoils of war. Achilles: No argument with you, but if you dont release her, youll never see home again. Decide. Agamemnon: Guards! Briseis: Stop! Too many people have died today. If killing is your only talent, thats your curse. I dont want anyone dying for me. Agamemnon: Mighty Achilles, silenced by a slave girl. Tonight Ill have her give me a bath. And then who knows? Achilles: You sack of wine! Before my time is done, I will look down on your corpse and smile. Scene 18: Soldiers Obey Eudorus: My lord. The army is marching. Achilles: Let them march. We stay. Eudorus: But the men are ready. Achilles: We stay until Agamemnon groans to have Achilles back. Eudorus: As you wish. Achilles [to Patroclus]: Are you ready to fight? Patroclus: I am. Achilles: Are you ready to kill? To take life? At night, I see their faces,  Ive killed men. Theyre standing there on the far bank of the River Styx. Theyre waiting for me. They say, Welcome, brother. We men are wretched things. I taught you how to fight, but I never taught you why to fight. Patroclus: I fight for power and you. Achilles: Who will you fight for when Im gone? Soldiers, they fight for kings theyve never even met. They do what theyre told, die when theyre told to die. Patroclus: Soldiers obey.We need  Achilles: Dont waste your life following some fools orders. Go. Scene 24: Everyone Dies Briseis: Why did you choose this life? Achilles: I chose nothing. I was born, and this is what I am.  Achilles: Youve dedicated your life to the gods. Zeus, god of thunder. Athena, goddess of wisdom. You serve them. Briseis: Yes, of course.
