Achilles: Is Ajax going to fight in Troy? They say he can fell an oak tree with one swing of the ax. Trees dont swing back. Odysseus: Were sending the largest fleet that ever sailed. A thousand ships. Achilles: A thousand ships? Patroclus: Prince Hector. Is he as good a warrior as they say? Odysseus: The best of all the Trojans. Some say hes better than all the Greeks too.. [To Patroclus] Even if your cousin doesnt come I hope youll join us. We could use a strong arm like yours. Achilles: Play your tricks on me, but not my cousin. Odysseus: You have your swords. I have my tricks. We play with the toys the gods give us. We sail for Troy in three days. This war will never be forgotten. Nor will the heroes who fight in it. Scene 8: Glory & Doom Thetis: They say the King of Ithaca has a silver tongue. I knew they would come for you. Long before you were born I knew they would come. They want you to fight in Troy. Im making you another seashell necklace. Like the ones I made you when you were a boy. Do you remember? Achilles: Mother tonight, I decide. Thetis: If you stay in Larisa you will find peace. You will find a wonderful woman. You will have sons and daughters, and they will have children. And they will love you. When you are gone, they will remember you. But when your children are dead and their children after them your name will be lost. If you go to Troy glory will be yours. They will write stories about your victories for thousands of years. The world will remember your name. But if you go to gates of Troy you will never come home. For your glory walks hand in hand with your doom. And I shall never see you again. Achilles: You know this to be true, Mother? Thetis: I know this. Scene 11: Immortality is Yours Hector: Trojans! All my life Ive lived by a code, and the code is simple. Honor the gods, love your woman and defend your country. Troy is mother to us all. Fight for her! -- Achilles: .SO We need Achilles. Id rather fight beside you than any army of thousands. Let no man forget how menacing we are. We are lions! Do you know whats there, waiting, beyond that beach? Immortality! Take it! Its yours! Scene 12: Beach Combat Nestor: Give him the battle, well take the war. Agamemnon: Give him too many battles and the men will forget whos king. Scene 13: Too Early in the Day Achilles: The sun god is a patron of Troy, our enemy. Take whatever treasure you can find.  Eudorus: With your permission, my lord. Achilles: Speak. Eudorus: Apollo sees everything. Perhaps it is not wise to offend him. [Achilles cuts off the head of the statue of Apollo]
