Achilles: You gave him the honor of your sword. You wont have eyes tonight. You wont have ears or a tongue. Youll wander the underworld, blind, deaf, and dumb, and all the dead will know: This is Hector, the fool who thought he killed Achilles. [Achilles slays Hector, and desecrates his body by dragging the corpse behind his chariot, in full view of King Priam.] Scene 36: A Fathers Plea Briseis: You lost a cousin. Now I have lost a cousin. When does it end? Achilles: It never ends.  Achilles: Who are you? Priam: I have endured what no one on earth has endured before. I kissed the hands of the man who killed my son. Achilles: Priam? How did you get in here? Priam: I know my country better than the Greek kingdoms, I think. Achilles: Youre a brave man. I could have your head on a spit in the blink of an eye. Priam: Do you really think that death frightens me now? I watched my eldest son die watched you drag his body behind your chariot. Give him back to me. He deserves the honor of a proper burial. You know that. Give him to me. Achilles: He killed my cousin. Priam: He thought it was you. How many cousins have you killed men? How many sons and fathers and brothers and husbands? How many, brave Achilles? I knew your father. He died before his time. But he was lucky not to live long enough to see his son fall. You have taken everything from me. My eldest son heir to my throne defender of my kingdom. I cannot change what happened. It is the will of the gods. But give me this small mercy. I loved my boy from the moment he opened his eyes till the moment you closed them. Let me wash his body. Let me say the prayers. Let me place two coins in his eyes for the boatman. Achilles: If I let you walk out of here if I let you take him it doesnt change anything. Youre still my enemy in the morning. Priam: Youre still my enemy tonight. But even enemies can show respect. Achilles: I admire your courage. Meet me outside in a moment.  [Achilles weeps over the corpse of Hector] Achilles: Well meet again soon, my brother We need Achillesr.  Achilles: Your son was the best Ive fought. In my country, the funeral games last for 12 days. Priam: It is the same in my country. Achilles: Then the prince will have that honor. No Greek will attack gates of Troy  for 12 days. You are a far better king than the one leading this army.
