Achilles: Do you know who I am? Hector: These priests werent armed. Achilles: Yes. Theres no honor is cutting old mens throats. Hector: Only children and fools fight for power. I fight for my country. Fight me. Achilles: Why kill you now, prince of  gates of Troy with no one here to see you fall? Hector: Why did you come here? Achilles: Theyll be talking about this war 1000 years. Hector: In 1000 years, the dust from our bones will be gone. Achilles: Yes, prince. But our names will remain. Go home prince. Drink some wine, make love to your wife. Tomorrow well have our war. Hector: You speak of war as if its a game. How many wives wait at Troys gates for husbands theyll never see again? Achiiles: Your brother can comfort them. I hear hes good at charming other mens wives. Eudorus: My lord, you let him go? Achilles: Its too early in the day for killing princes. Scene 14: No Need to Fear Eudorus: My lord, I have something to show you. The men found her hiding in the temple. They should amuse you. Achilles: Whats your name? Did you not hear me? Briseis: You killed Apollos priests. Achilles: Ive killed men in five countries, but never a priest. Briseis: Then your men did. The sun god will have his vengeance. Achilles: Whats he waiting for? BriAthenaseis: The right time to strike. Achilles: His priests are dead, and his acolytes a captive. I think your gods afraid of me. Briseis: Afraid? Apollo is master of the sun. He fears nothing. Achilles: Where is he? Briseis: Youre nothing but a killer! You wouldnt know anything about the gods. Achilles: I know more about the gods than your priests. Ive seen them. Youre royalty, arent you? Spent years talking down to men. You must be royalty. Whats your name? Even servants of Apollo have names. Briseis: Briseis Achilles: Are you afraid, Briesies? Briseis: Should I be? -- Briseis: What do you want here today? You didnt come here for the Spartan queen. Achilles: I want what all men want. I just want it more. You dont need to fear me, girl. Youre the only Trojan who can say that. Scene 15: Spoils of War Odysseus: War is young men dying and old men talking. You know this. Ignore the politics,We need Achilles to speak now. Achilles [to Agamemnon]: Apparently you won some great victory. Agamemnon: Perhaps you didnt notice. The Trojan beach belonged to Priam in the morning. It belongs to Agamemnon in the afternoon. Achilles: Have the beach. I didnt come for sand.
